-------NEWSFEEDS--------
http://createfeed.fivefilters.org/extract.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Faows.co%2Fblog&in_id_or_class=entry-title&url_contains= "~aows" photo
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ linux
https://artixlinux.org/feed.php linux
http://createfeed.fivefilters.org/extract.php?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bladerunion.com%2Fbigwheels&in_id_or_class=entry-title+entry-title-list+p-name&url_contains= rollerblading
https://bigwheelblading.com/feed/
https://solar.lowtechmagazine.com/feeds/all-en.atom.xml
https://lyndeno.ca/feed.xml
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml linux tech
http://www.protezionecivile.gov.it/web/guest/dettaglio/-/journal/rss/351563?doAsGroupId=20182&refererPlid=42041&controlPanelCategory=current_site.content&_15_groupId=20182
https://riccardo.im/index.xml tech
--------MUSIC------------
https://pitchfork.com/rss/reviews/best/albums/ music
-------GITHUB------------
https://github.com/lukesmithxyz/voidrice/commits/master.atom "~Luke Smith Voidrice" github
https://github.com/jarun/nnn/commits/master.atom "~nnn file explorer" github
-------YOUTUBE-----------
"query:Youtube New:tags # \"youtube\"" youtube
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfyEAw41i7PRetP2erYf9dg "~AdaptBrand" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5yXB_ThsufRJYMRlzIGoeQ "~andreagaleazzi.com" youtube tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDvq7BPaphEIhBlyDN19rvQ "~aows" youtube photo minimalism
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp0VcHDRMfof2wCod5vF6rQ "~Bill Stoppard Skating BSS" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZ2sNEOiU8b1MmJ1Z7a_CBA "~BladeLife_Luke" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9gp_qXnXNKx75bnvZrqesg "~Bladerz" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA "~Brodie Robertson" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCw3T7SvPYDHCkdMhC0NcKsw "~CKSPACE" youtube minimalism
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf8PQCxEng0QKXl5pPJydBw "~Deez Skates" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuUXlTPvHiBTLcTnR1H1pjw "~Dom West" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCS-neBc8xR0pbW6UI-W2pDA "~Escape on skate" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMKzX5e98bUQBJ2mfhehrPw "~EXPRESS YOUTUBE" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJetJ7nDNLlEzDLXv7KIo0w "~Gavin Freeborn" youtube tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_m8cn_4ekiNv2uG_ZuPTfQ "~knary" youtube tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC497r18hyShx1ffsYcgK_kg "~Kuma Films" youtube movie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q "~Kurzgesagt â€“ In a Nutshell" youtube movie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC161MHoBdelWj1ppgUNABAA "~Linked Media" youtube
https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.xml?videoChannelId=2 "~Luke Smith" peertube tech
https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.xml?videoChannelId=982 "~Luke Smith documentaries" peertube movie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA "~Mental Outlaw" youtube tech
https://vimeo.com/mtorres983/videos/rss "~Mike Torres" vimeo rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYzMdQa5aD6dnKHLdBxDMkw "~Morten Hilmer" youtube photo movie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGTDZcpOPYLYfUAGz4YdpXg "~Mushroom Blading" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaZ_hY8LfwOMR7xoh0mFrXg "~Nazar On Wheels" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTu40b6bDC8xnpwvC_buzag "~Nick Lomax" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdgYEj-l4Rz9oPOoOu0becQ "~Nicola Torelli" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvj8296fIKXH0dz8D6nyMig "~Nils Jansons" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNXvxXpDJXp-mZu3pFMzYHQ "~Our Changing Climate" youtube movie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzdWnmZgcS6EzgNlf63Fe7A "~Patinaje Total" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvi4rHnltt2-8VLUBQa7rdg "~Renato Pennuti" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_cMnM6u3xJ3yeW1jzIHgaQ "~Ricardo Lino" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIdYIrInVnUwHVbogLj6bqA "~Riccardo Palombo" youtube tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_Yi-HfRE0DUXpqe2tNwuzA "~Rob Kellett" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmQDImJbMXva_ZMMGvMzYmw "~Rollerblading" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4BAikpcbJc8b8mupo9GMfQ "~rollerman" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6F10Qxnf2krAVlBfQ7xNDw "~rollife" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUsSCs1s8a4UKmQ0KPQ2ShQ "~Shop Task" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyp-EzJrdTOd9uNPvmdst-w "~Short of the Week" youtube movie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYFgn8_JgaQL1E-N2tg1xcQ "~Synergo" youtube movie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCxEXniLLVnRE-nvdpX40XMw "~Takeshi Yasutoko" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCs6KfncB4OV6Vug4o_bzijg "~Techlore" youtube tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJKLIcSts_4XpVbORwzLZVw "~The Discarded Image" youtube movie
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCZhZFIx4pwn2r3Vtlp6ugbg "~Too Many Wheels" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCiwUpLaBVzm7fktnvN3r-VA "~Wizard Skating" youtube rollerblading
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg "~Wolfgang's Channel" youtube tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3XdYJjWliOdKuZMNaTiP8Q "~Z Reviews" youtube tech
